Brother, you are looking for me.
How are you two doing with my sister and child?
I have any questions
I've been sending someone to keep an eye on it
Don't worry.
More people are being dispatched.
Attracted, reach out
Xiao hey
One more thing. You rent an office space.
Get older and find more Jane Ren
Now our plates are getting bigger and bigger
The two of us are too busy at all
Some things are just called others to do.
Okay, I'll do it right now. Oops.
You hire me another secretary
Want a woman
Brother, that's a bit
It's not what you think.
I have absolutely no second heart for your sister-in-law
The reason why I hired a female secretary
I just want him to be in charge of Huangyan.
I understand, Huang Yan told the truth after drinking that day
I confessed to you at that time.
Hey, stop gossiping
You go to worship
Secretary interview I will go there tomorrow
Dad, the funds are in place
Our Xu family has weathered a crisis.
Not dead aunt
The overall strength has been greatly weakened
Is there any movement on Li Yi's side?
Dad, he's open for hire.
Also find a female secretary
Don't float if you have money for this miscellaneous damage
Man true color
And a secretary
Just send it to him.
Understand